PivotGrid.ExcelJS export - fix descriptions (#66)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/PivotGrid/ExcelJSCellCustomization/description.md

> You can use the [customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportPivotGridProps/#customizeCell) callback to modify cell data and formatting when you export PivotGrid to an Excel file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportPivotGridProps/#customizeCell) callback to modify cell data and formatting when you export PivotGrid to an Excel file. You can access and change the following attributes:    
```

> You can use the [customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportPivotGridProps/#customizeCell) callback to modify cell data and formatting when you export PivotGrid to an Excel file. You can access and change the following attributes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the [customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportPivotGridProps/#customizeCell) callback to modify cell data and formatting when you export the PivotGrid to an Excel file. You can access and change the following attributes:
```

- <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#fonts" target="_blank">Font</a> options    
- <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#fills" target="_blank">Cell background</a>     
- <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#hyperlink-value" target="_blank">Cell values</a>       
- Text <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#alignment" target="_blank">alignment</a>        
- <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#number-formats" target="_blank">Formatting</a> options    

> The **customizeCell** function also allows you to identify cell area types. For example, this demo shows how to change the background color and font weight for cells that belong to the certain [areas](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataFieldArea).

Reviewer 3: Maybe you can be more specific here? Instead of "certain areas" you can actually say which areas. It would be easier to locate that place in code and see what happens in the demo.

> The **customizeCell** function also allows you to identify cell area types. For example, this demo shows how to change the background color and font weight for cells that belong to the certain [areas](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataFieldArea).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **customizeCell** function also allows you to identify cell area types. For example, this demo shows how to change a pattern and foreground color for cells that belong to the *"T"* and *"GT"* [row](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Pivot_Grid_Cell/#rowType) and [column](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Pivot_Grid_Cell/#columnType) types. The font options are changed for the cells that belong to the *"data"* [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area).
```

> The **customizeCell** function also allows you to identify cell types. also allows you to identify cell area types. For example, this demo shows how to change the background color and font weight for cells that belong to the certain [areas](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataFieldArea).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **customizeCell** function also allows you to identify cell area types. For example, this demo shows how to change the background color and font weight for cells that belong to the certain [areas](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataFieldArea).
```

> The **customizeCell** function also allows you to identify cell area types. For example, this demo shows how to change a pattern and foreground color for cells that belong to the *"T"* and *"GT"* [row](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Pivot_Grid_Cell/#rowType) and [column](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Pivot_Grid_Cell/#columnType) types. The font options are changed for the cells that belong to the *"data"* [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **customizeCell** function also allows you to identify cell area types. For example, this demo shows how to change the pattern and foreground color for cells in the *"T"* and *"GT"* [row](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Pivot_Grid_Cell/#rowType) and [column](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Pivot_Grid_Cell/#columnType) types. The font options are changed for the cells in the *"data"* [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area).
```
